INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Which of the following countermeasure can specifically protect against both the MAC Flood and MAC Spoofing attacks?   ', 'Configure Port Security on the switch', 'Configure Port Recon on the switch', 'Configure Switch Mapping', 'Configure Multiple Recognition on the switch', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Jimmy, an attacker, knows that he can take advantage of poorly designed input validation routines to create or alter SQL commands to gain access to private data or execute commands in the database. What technique does Jimmy use to compromise a database?   ', 'Jimmy can submit user input that executes an operating system command to compromise a target system', 'Jimmy can gain control of system to flood the target system with requests, preventing legitimate users from gaining access', 'Jimmy can utilize an incorrect configuration that leads to access with higher-than expected privilege of the database', 'Jimmy can utilize this particular database threat that is an SQL injection technique to penetrate a target system', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' This IDS defeating technique works by splitting a datagram (or packet) into multiple fragments and the IDS will not spot the true nature of the fully assembled datagram. The datagram is not reassembled until it reaches its final destination. It would be a processor- intensive task for IDS to reassemble all fragments itself, and on a busy system the packet will slip through the IDS onto the network. What is this technique called?   ', 'IP Routing or Packet Dropping', 'IDS Spoofing or Session Assembly', 'IP Fragmentation or Session Splicing', 'IP Splicing or Packet Reassembly', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' If a competitor wants to cause damage to your organization, steal critical secrets, or put you out of business, they just have to find a job opening, prepare someone to pass the interview, have that person hired, and they will be in the organization. How would you prevent such type of attacks?   ', 'It is impossible to block these attacks', 'Hire the people through third-party job agencies who will vet them for you', 'Conduct thorough background checks before you engage them', 'Investigate their social networking profiles', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' This type of Port Scanning technique splits TCP header into several packets so that the packet filters are not able to detect what the packets intends to do.    Joel and her team have been going through tons of garbage, recycled paper, and other rubbish in order to find some information about the target they are attempting to penetrate. How would you call this type of activity?   ', 'UDP Scanning', 'IP Fragment Scanning', 'Inverse TCP flag scanning', 'ACK flag scanning', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Anonymizer sites access the Internet on your behalf, protecting your personal information from disclosure. An anonymizer protects all of your computer\'s identifying information while it surfs for you, enabling you to remain at least one step removed from the sites you visit. You can visit Web sites without allowing anyone to gather information on sites visited by you. Services that provide anonymity disable pop-up windows and cookies, and conceal visitor\'s IP address. These services typically use a proxy server to process each HTTP request. When the user requests a Web page by clicking a hyperlink or typing a URL into their browser, the service retrieves and displays the information using its own server. The remote server (where the requested Web page resides) receives information on the anonymous Web surfing service in place of your information. In which situations would you want to use anonymizer? (Select 3 answers)   ', 'Increase your Web browsing bandwidth speed by using Anonymizer', 'To protect your privacy and Identity on the Internet', 'To bypass blocking applications that would prevent access to Web sites or parts of sites that you want to visit.', 'Post negative entries in blogs without revealing your IP identity', 'B, C, D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' What type of attack is shown in the following diagram?   ', 'Man-in-the-Middle (MiTM) Attack', 'Session Hijacking Attack', 'SSL Spoofing Attack', 'Identity Stealing Attack', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Jack Hacker wants to break into Brown Co.\'s computers and obtain their secret double fudge cookie recipe. Jack calls Jane, an accountant at Brown Co., pretending to be an administrator from Brown Co. Jack tells Jane that there has been a problem with some accounts and asks her to verify her password with him ''just to double check our records.'' Jane does not suspect anything amiss, and parts with her password. Jack can now access Brown Co.\'s computers with a valid user name and password, to steal the cookie recipe. What kind of attack is being illustrated here? E. Faking Identity   ', 'Reverse Psychology', 'Reverse Engineering', 'Social Engineering', 'Spoofing Identity', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' How do you defend against ARP Spoofing? Select three.   ', 'Use ARPWALL system and block ARP spoofing attacks', 'Tune IDS Sensors to look for large amount of ARP traffic on local subnets', 'Use private VLANS', 'Place static ARP entries on servers, workstation and routers', 'A, C, D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' TCP SYN Flood attack uses the three-way handshake mechanism. 1. An attacker at system A sends a SYN packet to victim at system B. 2. System B sends a SYN/ACK packet to victim A. 3. As a normal three-way handshake mechanism system A should send an ACK packet to system B, however, system A does not send an ACK packet to system B. In this case client B is waiting for an ACK packet from client A. This status of client B is called _________________   ', '"half-closed"', '"half open"', '"full-open"', '"xmas-open"', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Lori is a Certified Ethical Hacker as well as a Certified Hacking Forensics Investigator working as an IT security consultant. Lori has been hired on by Kiley Innovators, a large marketing firm that recently underwent a string of thefts and corporate espionage incidents. Lori is told that a rival marketing company came out with an exact duplicate product right before Kiley Innovators was about to release it. The executive team believes that an employee is leaking information to the rival company. Lori questions all employees, reviews server logs, and firewall logs; after which she finds nothing. Lori is then given permission to search through the corporate email system. She searches by email being sent to and sent from the rival marketing company. She finds one employee that appears to be sending very large email to this other marketing company, even though they should have no reason to be communicating with them. Lori tracks down the actual emails sent and upon opening them, only finds picture files attached to them. These files seem perfectly harmless, usually containing some kind of joke. Lori decides to use some special software to further examine the pictures and finds that each one had hidden text that was stored in each picture. What technique was used by the Kiley Innovators employee to send information to the rival marketing company?   ', 'The Kiley Innovators employee used cryptography to hide the information in the emails sent', 'The method used by the employee to hide the information was logical watermarking', 'The employee used steganography to hide information in the picture attachments', 'By using the pictures to hide information, the employee utilized picture fuzzing', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' You run nmap port Scan on 10.0.0.5 and attempt to gain banner/server information from services running on ports 21, 110 and 123. Here is the output of your scan results: Which of the following nmap command did you run?   ', 'nmap -A -sV -p21, 110, 123 10.0.0.5', 'nmap -F -sV -p21, 110, 123 10.0.0.5', 'nmap -O -sV -p21, 110, 123 10.0.0.5', 'nmap -T -sV -p21, 110, 123 10.0.0.5', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' How do you defend against Privilege Escalation? E. Run users and applications on the least privileges   ', 'Use encryption to protect sensitive data', 'Restrict the interactive logon privileges', 'Run services as unprivileged accounts', 'Allow security settings of IE to zero or Low', 'A, B, C, E');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' What does ICMP (type 11, code 0) denote?   ', 'Source Quench', 'Destination Unreachable', 'Time Exceeded', 'Unknown Type', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' You are the security administrator of Jaco Banking Systems located in Boston. You are setting up e-banking website (http://www.ejacobank.com) authentication system. Instead of issuing banking customer with a single password, you give them a printed list of 100 unique passwords. Each time the customer needs to log into the e-banking system website, the customer enters the next password on the list. If someone sees them type the password using shoulder surfing, MiTM or keyloggers, then no damage is done because the password will not be accepted a second time. Once the list of 100 passwords is almost finished, the system automatically sends out a new password list by encrypted e-mail to the customer. You are confident that this security implementation will protect the customer from password abuse. Two months later, a group of hackers called "HackJihad" found a way to access the one- time password list issued to customers of Jaco Banking Systems. The hackers set up a fake website (http://www.e-jacobank.com) and used phishing attacks to direct ignorant customers to it. The fake website asked users for their e-banking username and password, and the next unused entry from their one-time password sheet. The hackers collected 200 customer\'s username/passwords this way. They transferred money from the customer\'s bank account to various offshore accounts. Your decision of password policy implementation has cost the bank with USD 925, 000 to hackers. You immediately shut down the e-banking website while figuring out the next best security solution What effective security solution will you recommend in this case?   ', 'Implement Biometrics based password authentication system. Record the customers face image to the authentication database', 'Configure your firewall to block logon attempts of more than three wrong tries', 'Enable a complex password policy of 20 characters and ask the user to change the password immediately after they logon and do not store password histories', 'Implement RSA SecureID based authentication system', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' More sophisticated IDSs look for common shellcode signatures. But even these systems can be bypassed, by using polymorphic shellcode. This is a technique common among virus writers ?it basically hides the true nature of the shellcode in different disguises. How does a polymorphic shellcode work?   ', 'They encrypt the shellcode by XORing values over the shellcode, using loader code to decrypt the shellcode, and then executing the decrypted shellcode', 'They convert the shellcode into Unicode, using loader to convert back to machine code then executing them', 'They reverse the working instructions into opposite order by masking the IDS signatures', 'They compress shellcode into normal instructions, uncompress the shellcode using loader code and then executing the shellcode', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' SYN Flood is a DOS attack in which an attacker deliberately violates the three-way handshake and opens a large number of half-open TCP connections. The signature of attack for SYN Flood contains:   ', 'The source and destination address having the same value', 'A large number of SYN packets appearing on a network without the corresponding reply packets', 'The source and destination port numbers having the same value', 'A large number of SYN packets appearing on a network with the corresponding reply packets', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Which of the following type of scanning utilizes automated process of proactively identifying vulnerabilities of the computing systems present on a network?   ', 'Port Scanning', 'Single Scanning', 'External Scanning', 'Vulnerability Scanning', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' What are the limitations of Vulnerability scanners? (Select 2 answers) E. They are highly expensive and require per host scan license   ', 'There are often better at detecting well-known vulnerabilities than more esoteric ones', 'The scanning speed of their scanners are extremely high', 'It is impossible for any, one scanning product to incorporate all known vulnerabilities in a timely manner', 'The more vulnerabilities detected, the more tests required', 'A, C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Stephanie works as senior security analyst for a manufacturing company in Detroit. Stephanie manages network security throughout the organization. Her colleague Jason told her in confidence that he was able to see confidential corporate information posted on the external website http://www.jeansclothesman.com. He tries random URLs on the company\'s website and finds confidential information leaked over the web. Jason says this happened about a month ago. Stephanie visits the said URLs, but she finds nothing. She is very concerned about this, since someone should be held accountable if there was sensitive information posted on the website. Where can Stephanie go to see past versions and pages of a website?   ', 'She should go to the web page Samspade.org to see web pages that might no longer be on the website', 'If Stephanie navigates to Search.com; she will see old versions of the company website', 'Stephanie can go to Archive.org to see past versions of the company website', 'AddressPast.com would have any web pages that are no longer hosted on the company\'s website', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Dan is conducting penetration testing and has found a vulnerability in a Web Application which gave him the sessionID token via a cross site scripting vulnerability. Dan wants to replay this token. However, the session ID manager (on the server) checks the originating IP address as well. Dan decides to spoof his IP address in order to replay the sessionID. Why do you think Dan might not be able to get an interactive session?   ', 'Dan cannot spoof his IP address over TCP network', 'The scenario is incorrect as Dan can spoof his IP and get responses', 'The server will send replies back to the spoofed IP address', 'Dan can establish an interactive session only if he uses a NAT', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Jason works in the sales and marketing department for a very large advertising agency located in Atlanta. Jason is working on a very important marketing campaign for his company\'s largest client. Before the project could be completed and implemented, a competing advertising company comes out with the exact same marketing materials and advertising, thus rendering all the work done for Jason\'s client unusable. Jason is questioned about this and says he has no idea how all the material ended up in the hands of a competitor. Without any proof, Jason\'s company cannot do anything except move on. After working on another high profile client for about a month, all the marketing and sales material again ends up in the hands of another competitor and is released to the public before Jason\'s company can finish the project. Once again, Jason says that he had nothing to do with it and does not know how this could have happened. Jason is given leave with pay until they can figure out what is going on. Jason\'s supervisor decides to go through his email and finds a number of emails that were sent to the competitors that ended up with the marketing material. The only items in the emails were attached jpg files, but nothing else. Jason\'s supervisor opens the picture files, but cannot find anything out of the ordinary with them. What technique has Jason most likely used?   ', 'Stealth Rootkit Technique', 'ADS Streams Technique', 'Snow Hiding Technique', 'Image Steganography Technique', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' What type of Virus is shown here? E. Sparse Infector Virus   ', 'Cavity Virus', 'Macro Virus', 'Boot Sector Virus', 'Metamorphic Virus', 'E');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' An attacker finds a web page for a target organization that supplies contact information for the company. Using available details to make the message seem authentic, the attacker drafts e-mail to an employee on the contact page that appears to come from an individual who might reasonably request confidential information, such as a network administrator. The email asks the employee to log into a bogus page that requests the employee\'s user name and password or click on a link that will download spyware or other malicious programming. Google\'s Gmail was hacked using this technique and attackers stole source code and sensitive data from Google servers. This is highly sophisticated attack using zero-day exploit vectors, social engineering and malware websites that focused on targeted individuals working for the company. What is this deadly attack called?   ', 'Spear phishing attack', 'Trojan server attack', 'Javelin attack', 'Social networking attack', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' Vulnerability scanners are automated tools that are used to identify vulnerabilities and misconfigurations of hosts. They also provide information regarding mitigating discovered vulnerabilities. Which of the following statements is incorrect?   ', 'Vulnerability scanners attempt to identify vulnerabilities in the hosts scanned.', 'Vulnerability scanners can help identify out-of-date software versions, missing patches, or system upgrades', 'They can validate compliance with or deviations from the organization\'s security policy', 'Vulnerability scanners can identify weakness and automatically fix and patch the vulnerabilities without user intervention', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' How do you defend against DHCP Starvation attack?   ', 'Enable ARP-Block on the switch', 'Enable DHCP snooping on the switch', 'Configure DHCP-BLOCK to 1 on the switch', 'Install DHCP filters on the switch to block this attack', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES (' What type of session hijacking attack is shown in the exhibit?   ', 'Cross-site scripting Attack', 'SQL Injection Attack', 'Token sniffing Attack', 'Session Fixation Attack', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Richard, an attacker, aimed to hack IoT devices connected to a target network. In this process, Richard recorded the frequency required to share information between connected devices. After obtaining the frequency, he captured the original data when commands were initiated by the connected devices. Once the original data were collected, he used free tools such as URH to segregate the command sequence. Subsequently, he started injecting the segregated command sequence on the same frequency into the IoT network, which repeats the captured signals of the devices. What is the type of attack performed by Richard in the above scenario?    ', 'Cryptanalysis attack', 'Reconnaissance attack', 'Side-channel attack', 'Replay attack', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Which of the following allows attackers to draw a map or outline the target organization\'s network infrastructure to know about the actual environment that they are going to hack?    ', 'Vulnerability analysis', 'Malware analysis', 'Scanning networks', 'Enumeration', 'C');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Your company was hired by a small healthcare provider to perform a technical assessment on the network. What is the best approach for discovering vulnerabilities on a Windows-based computer?    ', 'Use the built-in Windows Update tool', 'Use a scan tool like Nessus', 'Check MITRE.org for the latest list of CVE findings', 'Create a disk image of a clean Windows installation', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Susan, a software developer, wants her web API to update other applications with the latest information. For this purpose, she uses a user-defined HTTP callback or push APIs that are raised based on trigger events; when invoked, this feature supplies data to other applications so that users can instantly receive real-time information. Which of the following techniques is employed by Susan?    ', 'Web shells', 'Webhooks', 'REST API', 'SOAP API', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Which IOS jailbreaking technique patches the kernel during the device boot so that it becomes jailbroken after each successive reboot?    ', 'Tethered jailbreaking', 'Semi-untethered jailbreaking', 'Semi-tethered jailbreaking', 'Untethered jailbreaking', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Stella, a professional hacker, performs an attack on web services by exploiting a vulnerability that provides additional routing information in the SOAP header to support asynchronous communication. This further allows the transmission of web-service requests and response messages using different TCP connections. Which of the following attack techniques is used by Stella to compromise the web services?    ', 'Web services parsing attacks', 'WS-Address spoofing', 'SOAPAction spoofing', 'XML injection', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Attacker Steve targeted an organization’s network with the aim of redirecting the company’s web traffic to another malicious website. To achieve this goal, Steve performed DNS cache poisoning by exploiting the vulnerabilities in the DNS server software and modified the original IP address of the target website to that of a fake website. What is the technique employed by Steve to gather information for identity theft?    ', 'Pharming', 'Skimming', 'Pretexting', 'Wardriving', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('What is the port to block first in case you are suspicious that an IoT device has been compromised?    ', '22', '48101', '80', '443', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Clark is a professional hacker. He created and configured multiple domains pointing to the same host to switch quickly between the domains and avoid detection. Identify the behavior of the adversary in the above scenario.    ', 'Unspecified proxy activities', 'Use of command-line interface', 'Data staging', 'Use of DNS tunneling', 'B');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('What firewall evasion scanning technique make use of a zombie system that has low network activity as well as its fragment identification numbers?    ', 'Packet fragmentation scanning', 'Spoof source address scanning', 'Decoy scanning', 'Idle scanning', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('By performing a penetration test, you gained access under a user account. During the test, you established a connection with your own machine via the SMB service and occasionally entered your login and password in plaintext. Which file do you have to clean to clear the password?    ', '.xsession-log', '.profile', '.bashrc', '.bash_history', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Jack, a disgruntled ex-employee of Incalsol Ltd., decided to inject fileless malware into Incalsol\'s systems. To deliver the malware, he used the current employees\' email IDs to send fraudulent emails embedded with malicious links that seem to be legitimate. When a victim employee clicks on the link, they are directed to a fraudulent website that automatically loads Flash and triggers the exploit. What is the technique used by Jack to launch the fileless malware on the target systems?    ', 'In-memory exploits', 'Legitimate applications', 'Script-based injection', 'Phishing', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Wilson, a professional hacker, targets an organization for financial benefit and plans to compromise its systems by sending malicious emails. For this purpose, he uses a tool to track the emails of the target and extracts information such as sender identities, mail servers, sender IP addresses, and sender locations from different public sources. He also checks if an email address was leaked using the haveibeenpwned.com API. Which of the following tools is used by Wilson in the above scenario?    ', 'Factiva', 'ZoomInfo', 'Netcraft', 'Infoga', 'D');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('David is a security professional working in an organization, and he is implementing a vulnerability management program in the organization to evaluate and control the risks and vulnerabilities in its IT infrastructure. He is currently executing the process of applying fixes on vulnerable systems to reduce the impact and severity of vulnerabilities. Which phase of the vulnerability-management life cycle is David currently in?    ', 'Remediation', 'Verification', 'Risk assessment', 'Vulnerability scan', 'A');
INSERT INTO questions_answers (question, answer_a, answer_b, answer_c, answer_d, correct) VALUES ('Alice, a professional hacker, targeted an organization’s cloud services. She infiltrated the target’s MSP provider by sending spear-phishing emails and distributed custom-made malware to compromise user accounts and gain remote access to the cloud service. Further, she accessed the target customer profiles with her MSP account, compressed the customer data, and stored them in the MSP. Then, she used this information to launch further attacks on the target organization. Which of the following cloud attacks did Alice perform in the above scenario?   ', 'Cloud cryptojacking', 'Man-in-the-cloud (MITC) attack', 'Cloud hopper attack', 'Cloudborne attack', 'C');